the most challenging part about my job is being an advisor. Um, I love
my position, but at some points in my position, I realized that I have
to have uncomfortable conversations with my sailors. I have to have
uncomfortable conversations with the triad. And at the end of the
day, my CEO, um, he makes the final decision. For example, I had a
sailor who, uh, may have potentially, um, been around someone who has
cove it at this time. Right now, we are in this cove it situation
with with this disease and being in the military, we have to be really
careful with that s So I did have a sailor who was around someone
who tested positive for Cove It on and he came toe work and let us
know that hey was in that area while he was there. He was also told
that everyone had been tested and it came back negative. I did advise
the triad that, um it's important for us to let everyone else know.
I was also told that we he didn't want to alarm anyone and because
the test came back negative. But the bigger picture is that everyone
should know who is in the area with someone who has, uh, tested positive
for Covic. Attend of the day. I did advise my commanding officer
about, uh, that situation. He did change his mind, um, and did
allow me to put it out to the rest of the sailors. But I realized the
challenging part for me is no matter what at the at the end of every
conversation, at the end of every situation that I advise him on,
he is the deciding factor. And I have to carry out the mission. Um,
and e have to carry out the mission sometimes with no questions asked.
Um, and that could be a challenge for me.